[#100] tezos-signer services (#112)
serokell/tezos-packaging: README.md

One should provide desired node address, data directory for daemon files and node directory
(however, this is the case only for baker daemon).

> `tezos-signer` package provide four services one for each mod in which signing daemon can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tezos-signer` package provides four services one for each mode in which signing daemon can run:
```
